
----

== Credits ==

{{int:version-credits-summary}}
Seanpm2001/GitHub Organization Info is NOT a collaborative project, but it IS released under the GNU General Public License v3. We would like to recognize the following names for their contribution to the product.

<!-- This comment block and this file (excluding author names) was modified from MediaWiki/CREDITS -->

=== Maintainers ===

<!-- BEGIN MAINTAINERS LIST !-->

1. @seanpm2001 - Creator and primary maintainer of GitHub_Organization_Info

2. @all-contributors[bot]

3. No other contributors as of Tuesday, 2022, March 1st at 5:50 pm

=== Contributors ===

<!-- BEGIN CONTRIBUTOR LIST -->

1. @seanpm2001

2. @GitHub (For being the first host of this project)

3. @VideoLan (heavy thanks for enabling me to listen to music this way, along with all the great features. Also for the ability to export playlists)

4. @YouTube-DL (for being my modern video downloader)

5. @MediaFire (although not on GitHub, they helped build my collection as well)

6. @Y2Mate (although not on GitHub, they helped build my collection as well)

7. @DownloadYTHD.net (although not on GitHub, they helped build my collection as well)

8. @DownloadYouTube (although not on GitHub, they helped build my collection as well)

9. @YouTube (although not on GitHub, they helped build my collection as well)

10. @JQuery (for helping to build some framework elements in the audio db)

11. @Mozilla (for serving as a backup to VLC at times, and more importantly for the Mozilla Firefox browser)

12. @Bandcamp (NOT ON GITHUB. For helping me buy certain songs)

13. @Steam (NOT ON GITHUB. For providing entertainment and music through their top games)

Many other contributors currently not listed

14. No other contributors as of Tuesday, 2022, March 1st at 5:50 pm

=== File info ===

<b>File type:</b> <i>MediaWiki document (*.wiki)</i>

<b>File version:</b> <i>1 (2022, Tuesday, March 1st at 5:47 pm)</i>

<b>Line count (including blank lines and compiler line):</b> <i>64</i>

----
