SimCity 2000 MIDI Soundtrack - Mac OS Soundfont version

Game: SimCity 2000 (DOS)
Year: 1993
Composer: Sue Karen
Publisher: Maxis

----

This is a recording (originally FLAC, but available in multiple formats
through the Internet Archive) of the SimCity 2000 MIDI soundtrack, using a
custom soundfont created by Rich "Weeds" Nagel and Tom "Zarggg" Ditmars. The
MIDI files are from the MS-DOS version and were edited to work with the new
custom soundfont, and won't sound correctly unless played back using it. The
soundfont is included in SC2KMac.zip.

I made small edits to two of the MIDI files. "Newspaper Segue" (10010.MID) and
"Virtual Village" (10011.MID) both used two woodblock instrument channels
which didn't correct using the Mac OS soundfont--in the Mac OS version itself
these instruments aren't woodblocks. You can find these in "Edited
tracks.zip". The originals are in "Unused tracks.zip" if you want to compare.

Aside from that edit, I also modified the order in which the tracks are
played, and omitted one track (which is also in "Unused tracks.zip"): the
"Repetition Rendition" actually has two versions in the DOS soundtrack, with
different main instruments, but the Mac OS version doesn't have the alternate
instrument so it would've been a duplicate. Tracks 16 and 17 are also shorter
versions of previous tracks, but since they actually do play back in the game
I've kept them.

Also, a modified version of the original SimCity Classic background music is
included as well, made to use this soundfont's instruments. In case you've
wanted to hear what the original game's background music sounds like if it had
been included in SimCity 2000.

I've ordered the tracks slightly differently from most releases. It starts
with the main theme, then the longer tracks, then the shorter tracks/snippets,
finally the unused track and the SimCity Classic theme.

All tracks are in FLAC L8 (highest compression) and have 500ms affix/1500ms
suffix silence.

----

Released by: dada78641, 2020-01-26

Archive of this soundtrack:
<https://archive.org/details/SimCity2000MIDIMacOSSF>

Archive of the soundfont:
<https://archive.org/details/SC2KMac.zip>

The soundfont project was initiated on the Vogons forum:
<https://www.vogons.org/viewtopic.php?f=9&t=22804>

The SC2KMac.zip file with the soundfont was posted there as well:
<https://www.vogons.org/viewtopic.php?p=192865#p192865>
